Clarify note on creating named pipe (#2806)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/Set-VMComPort.md

Configure the second COM port on virtual machine TestVM to connect to named pipe TestPipe on the local computer.

> [!NOTE]

> > You can write your own application to access the named pipe, or use an application like PuTTY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This does not create the named pipe on the local computer. You can write your own application to access the named pipe, or use a third-party application.
```

> > You can write write your own application to access the named pipe, or use an application like PuTTY.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You can write your own application to access the named pipe, or use an application like PuTTY.
```
